for hundreds of years farmers in the dry
highlands of northern ethiopia have been
dependent on cereal production but the
area is frequently hit by severe drought
and has been haunted by famine this was
also the story of Bear TECA and his
family living at a steep mountain farm
2,700 metres above sea level but four
years ago his life changed the
government Bureau of Agriculture and the
Food and Agriculture Organization FAO
recognized his lack of water and
supplied him with a water tank and
equipment for irrigation
I get the knowledge or the training from
they give me supported by material and
they support me by the technical and the
material and everything now his farm has
transformed and here I have grow apple
plum apricot almond and such like this
another and also from the vegetables
cabbage carrot further south in raya
valley this tropical fruit nursery is
run by the government and FAO various
seedlings newly introduced in Ethiopia
are grown and sold to local farmers good
morning Gary better good morning I need
to buy avocados on mango 15 avocados
seedlings and 15 mango seedlings its
seedling costs 15 beer 10,000 farmers
buy high-quality seedlings from FAO
supported nurseries
Hansa given the farmers are really
taking over these activities with
enthusiasm and as we sell you know fruit
for life the fruit accompanying you for
all your life giving you fruits that you
can sell and you can consume at home
the papaya will be cut to be replaced by
the new one
Meno caballo is one of the farmers
getting guidance from the project he
started producing papaya then he and his
wife alum Nash moved on to producing
seedlings which they now sell to other
farmers in the area you know it is such
a big change I'm supporting my family
with the money I get from selling
seedlings and now my three children are
going to school we are supporting at
least 300 farmers directly I mean if he
was giving technical advice to them
under ectly we could say that all the
fruit sector is benefiting we can also
talk about 10,000 farmers and it is
expanding day by day because the farmers
they are copying from each other and
they want to follow the example of our
model formats yeah temperate fruit
production requires a high level of
knowledge at this training session
FAO enables farmers to prune apricot
trees during the cold and dry season so
that they are ready to produce in the
hot season this is a traditional food
insecure area because this project is
bringing in new varieties of temperate
fruits which were not being grown before
in the region they represent different
source of income because there is
domestic demand for these woods but also
a good source of nutrients for the
household
you